README.md, before:

# pretta

## Execution

This program can either be run by using `go run` or by building the binary and executing that.

### Prerequisites
Executing this program requires that you have `go v1.21.3` or greater installed. If you do not already have it, visit the [golang install site](https://go.dev/doc/install) to get the correct version for your development environment.
Alternatively, if you will be running this on a Mac you can use `brew install go` and it will install the latest version.

### Go Run
To run this program using go's `run` feature simply type `go run main.go` in the terminal. You will also need to supply an input file which is covered in the [input section](#Input).

### Build the Binary
To run this program via a binary you will first need to build the binary. You can do that by running `go build -o` followed by whatever you want to name the binary. For example, `go build -o jsonConverter` will create a binary called `jsonConverter`. To run that binary type `./jsonConverter`. You will also need to supply an input file which is covered in the [input section](#Input).

### Input
An example input file is provided in this repo named `input.json`. To use it, supply the file name as a command line argument. Here are two examples for using both `go run` and a binary.
`go run main.go input.json`
`./jsonConverter input.json`
To run this program against another input, simply place the JSON data into another `.json` file and replace `input.json` with the name of the new file in the command line argument.

## Notes
For the `handleList()` function, the original instructions specified that the `NULL`, `L`, and `M` data types would not be present inside of a list. Therefore, they are not accounted for inside `handleList()`.

In the `processKeyValue()` function, a cached regular expression map is used to check the key. This is because compiling regular expressions can be expensive depending on the complexity but matching them can be much more efficient than traditional string matching. Therefore the regular expressions are compiled once then used multiple times to match strings. One key advantage of going this route is we can guarantee we are only considering well formed keys of any variety. Otherwise we would have to use some wonky logic.

The runtime of this program on my local machine is 350.292µs.

Commit message:

update README with Replit instructions

README.md, after:

# pretta

## Execution

This program can either be run by using `go run` or by building the binary and executing that.

### Prerequisites
Executing this program requires that you have `go v1.21.3` or greater installed. If you do not already have it, visit the [golang install site](https://go.dev/doc/install) to get the correct version for your development environment.
Alternatively, if you will be running this on a Mac you can use `brew install go` and it will install the latest version.

### Go Run
To run this program using go's `run` feature simply type `go run main.go` in the terminal. You will also need to supply an input file which is covered in the [input section](#Input).

### Build the Binary
To run this program via a binary you will first need to build the binary. You can do that by running `go build -o` followed by whatever you want to name the binary. For example, `go build -o jsonConverter` will create a binary called `jsonConverter`. To run that binary type `./jsonConverter`. You will also need to supply an input file which is covered in the [input section](#Input).

### Replit
You can import the project into Replit with this link: https://github.com/micahrowell/pretta. Once imported you can use the same [go run](#go-run) command. You will also need to supply an input file which is covered in the [input section](#Input).

### Input
An example input file is provided in this repo named `input.json`. To use it, supply the file name as a command line argument. Here are two examples for using both `go run` and a binary.
`go run main.go input.json`
`./jsonConverter input.json`
To run this program against another input, simply place the JSON data into another `.json` file and replace `input.json` with the name of the new file in the command line argument.

## Notes
For the `handleList()` function, the original instructions specified that the `NULL`, `L`, and `M` data types would not be present inside of a list. Therefore, they are not accounted for inside `handleList()`.

In the `processKeyValue()` function, a cached regular expression map is used to check the key. This is because compiling regular expressions can be expensive depending on the complexity but matching them can be much more efficient than traditional string matching. Therefore the regular expressions are compiled once then used multiple times to match strings. One key advantage of going this route is we can guarantee we are only considering well formed keys of any variety. Otherwise we would have to use some wonky logic.

The runtime of this program on my local machine is 350.292µs.
